Downrank messengers without PFS (#1999)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/real-time-communication.en.md

    ??? downloads

        - [:simple-googleplay: Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.briarproject.briar.android)
        - [:simple-windows11: Windows](https://briarproject.org/download-briar-desktop/)
        - [:simple-linux: Linux](https://briarproject.org/download-briar-desktop/)
        - [:simple-flathub: Flathub](https://flathub.org/apps/details/org.briarproject.Briar)

To add a contact on Briar, you must both add each other first. You can either exchange `briar://` links or scan a contact’s QR code if they are nearby.

The client software was independently [audited](https://briarproject.org/news/2017-beta-released-security-audit/), and the anonymous routing protocol uses the Tor network which has also been audited.

Briar has a fully [published specification](https://code.briarproject.org/briar/briar-spec).

Briar supports perfect forward secrecy by using the Bramble [Handshake](https://code.briarproject.org/briar/briar-spec/blob/master/protocols/BHP.md) and [Transport](https://code.briarproject.org/briar/briar-spec/blob/master/protocols/BTP.md) protocol.

## Additional Options

!!! warning

>     These messengers do not have Perfect [Forward Secrecy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forward_secrecy) (PFS), and while they fulfill certain use-cases that our previous recommendations may not, we do not recommend their use for long-term or sensitive communications. Any key compromise among message recipients would compromise the confidentiality of **all** past communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These messengers do not have Perfect [Forward Secrecy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forward_secrecy) (PFS), and while they fulfill certain use-cases that our previous recommendations may not, we do not recommend them for long-term or sensitive communications. Any key compromise among message recipients would affect the confidentiality of **all** past communications.
```
